Update external support links (#153)
operaton/documentation: docs/documentation/webapps/cockpit/extend/plugins.md

Please note that all Plugins with this prefix will be included using the 7.13 plugin mechanism. You cannot create new Plugins with IDs starting with `legacy`.

> For more details about legacy Plugins, see the plugin points below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details about legacy Plugins, check out the legacy [Plugin documentation](https://docs.operaton.org/docs/documentation/webapps/cockpit/extend/plugins/).
```
